A Singleplayer Boardgame. On the screen we have a Board of hexagonal tiles, called spots. we have 5 rows and 5 to 6 spots in each row. There also is a players hand where the player can hold tiles and a score area where the current stats are shown. The stats are Plays, Discards, Score and Target Score. The Target Score sets the score the player has to reach in one round. It starts at 10. There also is a deck of tiles on the board. It starts with 36 tiles: the numbers 1 to 9 in 4 colors each: red green blue yellow. When hovering the deck we see what tiles are remaining and also how many of each color and number. When a round begins, all cards start in the deck, including all discarded, board and hand and we shuffle the deck. If it is not the first round we increase all tiles by one.  we draw 7 cards. Discards is set to 4 and plays to 9 and score to 0 and subplays to 0. We double the Target Score. Then the first turn starts. When a turn starts, the player wins the round when his score is same or higher as the target score. The player looses if he has no plays left or no playable cards in hand an no redraws left or no cards in the deck anymore. If not loose or win we continue: Each turn the player can either place a tile from his hand or mark any amount of tiles in his hand to discard them. He can only discard if he has at least 1 Discard. When discard we draw that much cards, decrease discards by one and start next turn. When a tile is placed we add 1 to subplays. When subplays is not 3 we start a new turn. Otherwise we set subplays to 0 again and reduce plays by one. We then iterate visually over all tiles on the board and add there numbers each to the score. Then we proceed to the next turn. The player can place the tiles in his hand by dragging them onto the board. During dragging all board tiles are highlighted were the tile can be placed. Also Tiles in the players hand that cannot be placed anywhere on the board are marked in a way. 
The first Tile can be placed anywhere. All other tiles can only be placed on a spot if the spot is free, the spot has at least one neighbouring tile and all neighbouring tiles are either the same color or the numbers of the two tiles have at least one similar digit in any position. Eg 12 and 23 can go next to each other. 